README.md, before:

============================================
Ceph - a scalable distributed storage system
============================================

Please see http://ceph.com/ for current info.

Contributing Code
=================

Most of Ceph is licensed under the LGPL version 2.1.  Some
miscellaneous code is under BSD-style license or is public domain.
The documentation is licensed under Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike (CC BY-SA).  There are a handful of headers
included here that are licensed under the GPL.  Please see the file
COPYING for a full inventory of licenses by file.

Code contributions must include a valid "Signed-off-by" acknowledging
the license for the modified or contributed file.  Please see the file
SubmittingPatches for details on what that means and on how to
generate and submit patches.

We do not require assignment of copyright to contribute code; code is
contributed under the terms of the applicable license.


Build Prerequisites
===================

debian-based
------------

The list of debian package dependencies can be found in deps.deb.txt:

	sudo apt-get install `cat deps.deb.txt`

Note: libsnappy-dev and libleveldb-dev are not available upstream for
natty, oneiric, and squeeze.  Backports for Ceph can be found at
ceph.com/debian-leveldb.

rpm-based
---------

The list of RPM package dependencies can be found in deps.rpm.txt:

	sudo yum install `cat deps.rpm.txt`

Building Ceph
=============

Developers, please refer to the [Developer
Guide](doc/dev/quick_guide.rst) for more information, otherwise, you
can build the server daemons, and FUSE client, by executing the
following:

	./autogen.sh
	./configure
	make

(Note that the FUSE client will only be built if libfuse is present.)

Dependencies
------------

The configure script will complain about any missing dependencies as
it goes.  You can also refer to debian/control or ceph.spec.in for the
package build dependencies on those platforms.  In many cases,
dependencies can be avoided with --with-foo or --without-bar switches.
For example,

	./configure --with-nss         # use libnss instead of libcrypto++
	./configure --without-radosgw  # do not build radosgw
	./configure --without-tcmalloc # avoid google-perftools dependency


Building packages
-----------------

You can build packages for Debian or Debian-derived (e.g., Ubuntu)
systems with

	sudo apt-get install dpkg-dev
	dpkg-checkbuilddeps        # make sure we have all dependencies
	dpkg-buildpackage

For RPM-based systems (Red Hat, SUSE, etc.),

	rpmbuild

Building the Documentation
==========================

Prerequisites
-------------

The list of package dependencies for building the documentation can be
found in doc_deps.deb.txt:

	sudo apt-get install `cat doc_deps.deb.txt`

Building the Documentation
--------------------------

To build the documentation, ensure that you are in the top-level
`/ceph directory, and execute the build script. For example:

	admin/build-doc

Commit message:

documentation: replace deps.{deb,rpm}.txt with scripts
display-deb-deps.sh creates the list of dependencies based on the content
of debian/control. The manually maintained list of dependencies for
debian based operating systems (deps.deb.txt) is deprecated.

The deps.rpm.txt file is removed and yum-builddep ceph.spec recommended
instead.

http://tracker.ceph.com/issues/10175 Fixes: #10175

Signed-off-by: Loic Dachary <ldachary@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

============================================
Ceph - a scalable distributed storage system
============================================

Please see http://ceph.com/ for current info.

Contributing Code
=================

Most of Ceph is licensed under the LGPL version 2.1.  Some
miscellaneous code is under BSD-style license or is public domain.
The documentation is licensed under Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike (CC BY-SA).  There are a handful of headers
included here that are licensed under the GPL.  Please see the file
COPYING for a full inventory of licenses by file.

Code contributions must include a valid "Signed-off-by" acknowledging
the license for the modified or contributed file.  Please see the file
SubmittingPatches for details on what that means and on how to
generate and submit patches.

We do not require assignment of copyright to contribute code; code is
contributed under the terms of the applicable license.


Build Prerequisites
===================

debian-based
------------

The list of debian package dependencies can be installed with:

	sudo apt-get install `./display-deb-deps.sh`

Note: libsnappy-dev and libleveldb-dev are not available upstream for
natty, oneiric, and squeeze.  Backports for Ceph can be found at
ceph.com/debian-leveldb.

rpm-based
---------

The list of RPM packages dependencies can be installed with:

         sudo yum install -y yum-utils
	 sudo yum-builddep -y ceph.spec

Building Ceph
=============

Developers, please refer to the [Developer
Guide](doc/dev/quick_guide.rst) for more information, otherwise, you
can build the server daemons, and FUSE client, by executing the
following:

	./autogen.sh
	./configure
	make

(Note that the FUSE client will only be built if libfuse is present.)

Dependencies
------------

The configure script will complain about any missing dependencies as
it goes.  You can also refer to debian/control or ceph.spec.in for the
package build dependencies on those platforms.  In many cases,
dependencies can be avoided with --with-foo or --without-bar switches.
For example,

	./configure --with-nss         # use libnss instead of libcrypto++
	./configure --without-radosgw  # do not build radosgw
	./configure --without-tcmalloc # avoid google-perftools dependency


Building packages
-----------------

You can build packages for Debian or Debian-derived (e.g., Ubuntu)
systems with

	sudo apt-get install dpkg-dev
	dpkg-checkbuilddeps        # make sure we have all dependencies
	dpkg-buildpackage

For RPM-based systems (Red Hat, SUSE, etc.),

	rpmbuild

Building the Documentation
==========================

Prerequisites
-------------

The list of package dependencies for building the documentation can be
found in doc_deps.deb.txt:

	sudo apt-get install `cat doc_deps.deb.txt`

Building the Documentation
--------------------------

To build the documentation, ensure that you are in the top-level
`/ceph directory, and execute the build script. For example:

	admin/build-doc
